bush
Tell me guys who look at another video
class and today he's teaching here
How do you download videos from any
tactical place that is internet site
you will need an application that
I'm leaving the link in the description of the
video slaps that you can be
downloading and installing the
application you will need the one
file manager and the west fails
who explores that in my opinion is the
The best thing he has in prehistory is
it's free from so low it there but if
Do you have another one?
I'll come here in my style.
files good here inside the manager
of files
my apk file here on the page
download then go in here is he
here o
just click on who installs a
of you can install two packages
appeared you chose then click
to install on my just click install
but I already have it installed so no
I will be there again
then click here to cancel and return to
show inside the application then
come on
good since inside the application you
will stay in the three days 15 and up
here I will show you are all the sites that
you can most annoying youtube and has
Facebook can also
all that are here but if you
want to download from a site that does not
be here just google here
failed and it goes to google page
Do you think that the site you want
go in there and do the show procedures
to make use of myself as an example
youtube but this works everywhere
It's okay, I just clicked here.
Here I will research a song here one
good video already search here the video that
I wanted to just click on it
Good, he'll start rolling.
you can automatically pause
It's worth it, let's face it.
wait a little bit and here it goes
showing the qualities of the video that
you may be downloading and if you
you want to find the audio only the last option
audio mp3 you can also download valeu
here is also in 1080p that the largest
quality
Thanks and you will get a quality any
here a very small amount to
I have chosen tgp reminding you that
can choose in high quality is
matter what quality you have
here you can choose I chose 3gpp
even just choose to click on download
If you see this option, just click on
close the team show again close
download has started as my video on
that no one is going to download the same day
downloaded and from an application you will
need too and said here this
application will also give in the description
of the video so you can download
low it was also worth installing it not
need to get inside it none of this is
install that in time is your limit is
you do not have this other application
tweetie will ask them anyway
So then it was worth it and you can
do the same as I did enter
on the site you want to click on the video you
Do you want to when you start running?
can pause click the school arrow
quality you want and boot download
that goes well worth it
I do not have much more to talk to, it's just
even a click to taste down
favored the video you want or on the channel
subscribe to civil share on networks
that helps a lot in the growth
from channel valeu
stay everybody, boy, to the video square
class and I went